The Dursleys of Number Four, Privet Drive, always boasted that they were a very well-behaved family. Please, please. They never had anything to do with mysteries, because they didn't believe in them. Mr. Vernon Dursley was director of a company called Grunning, which made drilling rigs. He was tall and heavy, so fat that he almost lost his neck, but he had a big beard. Mrs. Dursley was a thin, blond woman. Her neck is almost twice as long as normal. And so her long neck came in handy when she spent a lot of time poking her neck over fences and spying on neighbors. The Dursleys had a young son named Dudley. In their opinion, there was no better child than Dudley in the world. The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they had a secret, and what they feared most was that it would be found out. They figured they wouldn't be able to bear it if anyone found out about the Potters. Mrs. Potter was Mrs. Dursley's sister, but they hadn't seen each other for several years. In fact, Mrs. Dursley pretended she didn't have a sister at all, because her sister and her good-for-nothing brother-in-law didn't behave like the Dursleys. The thought that the neighbors would say that the Potters were coming made the Dursleys shudder with terror. They knew that Potter had a son, too, but they had never seen one. The child was also a good excuse for them not to associate with the Potters, with whom they would not have Dudley. Our story begins on a dark, gloomy Tuesday. The low-clouded sky did not give the slightest hint that something mysterious and weird was about to happen in this place. Mr. Dursley was humming a ditty, picking out a tie he didn't like to wear to work, and Mrs. Dursley was happily babbling and stuffing Dudley, who was screaming, into the baby chair. Neither of them noticed. A tawny owl fluttered past the window at half past eight. Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase and kissed Mrs. Dursley on the cheek. He was about to kiss Dudley to say goodbye to the little guy. But it didn't work out, the little one was throwing a tantrum and throwing his cereal against the wall. "Boy," muttered Mr. Dursley, giggling, and walked out of the house, into the car, backing out of the fourth driveway. On the corner, he saw the first unusual signal—a cat reading a map. At first, Mr. Dursley couldn't figure out what he saw, so he turned his head again. I saw a tabby cat standing at the intersection of Privet Drive, but didn't see the map. What is he thinking? It is likely that the light caused him to have an illusion. Mr. Dursley blinked and stared at the cat, which stared back at him. As Mr. Dursley turned the corner and continued on his way, he looked at the cat in his rearview mirror. The cat was reading the sign for Privet Drive, no, it was looking at the sign; cats can't read maps or read signs. Mr. Dursley collected himself and put the cat out of his mind. As he drove into town, all he thought was that he hoped he'd get a big order for the rig today, but as he was getting closer to town, another event drove the rig out of his mind. When his car merged into the early morning traffic, he suddenly saw a group of people in strange clothes on the side of the road. They all wore cloaks. Mr. Dursley hated other people dressed in weird ways, look at the young man's outfit! He figured it was just another boring new fad. He tapped his fingers on the steering wheel, and his eyes fell on the large group of monsters closest to him. They were in high spirits, whispering to each other. Mr. Dursley was angry because he found that one of them was not young at all, the man looked older than himself, and he was wearing an emerald green cloak! Shameless! Then it occurred to Mr. Dursley that these people were probably collecting donations for something, and yes, that was it. The traffic moved, and a few minutes later Mr. Dursley was in the parking lot of Groning's, his mind returning to the drilling rig. Mr. Dursley was in his office on the tenth floor, and he always sat with his back to the window. If not, he might find it harder to focus on the rig this morning. He didn't see the flocks of owls flying across the sky in broad daylight, but the crowds in the street did; Most of them have never even seen an owl at night. Mr. Dursley was normal this morning, undisturbed by the owls. He yelled at five people one after another, and made several important phone calls, yelling even louder. He was in such a good mood that by lunch time he would have stretched his muscles and gone to the bakery across the road to buy a sweet roll, had he not met the cloaked crowd again near the bakery. He had long since forgotten them. He gave them a hard look as he passed them. He couldn't explain why, he just felt that these people made him feel awkward. These people were chattering and talking, but he didn't see a collection box. As he walked back with a large pancake in his bag and passed them, their words wafted into his ears intermittently: "Mrs and Mrs Potter, yes, I just heard that..." "... yes, they son, Harry..." He stopped suddenly, terrified. He glanced back at the whispering crowd, as if to hear what they had to say, then changed his mind